README.md, before:

# Vault - the .NET library for the HashiCorp Vault API

A .NET client library [generated][openapi-generator] from `OpenAPI` [specification file][openapi-spec] to interact with [Hashicorp][hashicorp] [Vault][vault].

## :warning: _Stability Warning: Under Development!_ :warning:

## Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Frameworks supported](#frameworks-supported)
    - [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    - [Local Development](#local-development)
  - [Examples](#examples)
    - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Configuring a Vault Client](#configuring-a-vault-client)
    - [Setting Headers](#setting-headers)
    - [Authenticating with Vault](#authenticating-with-vault)
    - [Reading a KV Secret](#reading-a-kv-secret)
    - [Exception Handling](#exception-handling)
    - [Wrapping and Unwrapping Responses](#wrapping-and-unwrapping-responses)
    - [Performing Generic Operations](#performing-generic-operations)
  - [Documentation for API Endpoints](#documentation-for-api-endpoints)

## Installation

The Nuget packages are hosted in an internal Nuget feed that can be found in [Artifactory][artifactory].
You can use the Dotnet CLI or Nuget CLI to retrieve the package.

You first need to add the private Nuget feed as a source in either CLI. You can also generate an 
[access token][access-token] that can be used in lieu of a password. 

```shell-session
nuget sources add \
    -name HashicorpArtifactory \ 
    -source https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/ui/repos/tree/General/vault-devex-nuget-local \
    -username "myusername" \
    -password "mypassword"
```

```shell-session
dotnet nuget add source https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/artifactory/api/nuget/v3/vault-devex-nuget-local \
    --name HashicorpArtifactory \
    --username "myusername" \
    --password "mypassword"
```

You can then install the package via either of the following commands:

_**Note**_: Make sure to specify the package version. You can find the latest in the Release
tab in github

```shell-session
 nuget install Vault -source HashicorpArtifactory -Version "PackageVersion"
```

```shell-session
dotnet add package Vault --source HashicorpArtifactory -version "PackageVersion" 
```

### Frameworks supported
- .NET Core >=1.0
- .NET Framework >=4.6
- Mono/Xamarin >=vNext

### Dependencies

- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 12.0.3 or later
- [JsonSubTypes](https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonSubTypes/) - 1.8.0 or later
- [System.ComponentModel.Annotations](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.ComponentModel.Annotations) - 5.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet](https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
Install-Package JsonSubTypes
Install-Package System.ComponentModel.Annotations
```

### Local Development

Generate the DLL using your preferred tool (e.g. `dotnet build`)

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using Vault;
using Vault.Api;
using Vault.Client;
using Vault.Model;
```

## Examples

### Getting Started
Here is a simple copy-pastable example of using the library to get a list of
currently enabled secrets engines (equivalent to `GET /v1/sys/mounts`). This example 
works with a Vault server started in dev mode with a hardcoded root token (e.g.
`vault server -dev -dev-root-token-id="my-token"`);

```csharp
using Vault;
using Vault.Client;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public static void Main()
        {
            string address = "http://127.0.0.1:8200";
            VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration(address);

            VaultClient vaultClient = new VaultClient(config);
            vaultClient.SetToken("my-token");

            try 
            {
                VaultResponse<Object> resp = vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts();

                // Write out response data
                Console.Writeline(resp.Data);
            }
            catch (VaultApiException e)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("Failed to read mounts with message {0}", e.Message);
            }
        }
    }
}
```
_**Note**_: the responses are currently generic objects that need
to be marshalled into an appropriate model. Structured responses are 
coming soon!

### Configuring a Vault Client
The VaultClient requires you pass it a `VaultConfiguration` object. 

```csharp
VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration("http:127.0.0.1:8200");
VaultClient vaultClient = new VaultClient(config);
```

You can also add custom configuration including a custom `HttpClientHandler`.
This can be used to intercept requests and add custom logic before the base
`SendAsync` is called by the HttpClient. See [HttpClientHandler docs][http-client-handler-docs] for more details.

```csharp
// Create a custom HttpClientHandler
HttpClientHandler myClientHandler = new HttpClientHandler();

VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration("http://127.0.0.1:8200",
                                          myClientHandler);
```

The VaultClient also allows you to set a custom Timeout for all API calls.

```csharp
VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration(basePath: address, 
                                        httpClientHandler: httpClientHandler, 
                                        timeout: TimeSpan.FromSeconds(15));
```

### Setting Headers
The `SetToken` method can be used to set the `X-Vault-Token` header with the given token for subsequent requests.

```csharp
vaultClient.SetToken("my-token");
```

The `SetNamespace` can be used to set the default namespace header. 

```csharp
vaultClient.SetNamespace("n1");
vaultClient.ClearNamespace();
```

The Vault client also allows for adding custom headers that will be applied to every request.

```csharp
var myCustomHeaders = new Dictionary<string, string> 
{
    { "my-custom-header", "myHeaders"}    
};

vaultClient.AddCustomHeaders(myCustomHeaders);
vaultClient.ClearCustomHeaders();
```

### Authenticating with Vault
In the previous example we used an insecure (root token) authentication method.
For production applications, it is recommended to use [approle][doc-approle] or
one of the platform-specific authentication methods instead (e.g.
[kubernetes][doc-kubernetes], [AWS][doc-aws], [Azure][doc-azure], etc.). The
functions to access these authentication methods are automatically generated
under `vaultClient.Auth`. Below is an example of how to authenticate using `approle`
authentication method. Please refer to the [approle documentation][doc-approle]
for more details.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> vaultResp = vaultClient.Auth.PostAuthApproleLogin(
    new ApproleLoginRequest(roleId: "myRoleId", secretId: "mySecretId"),
    approleMountPath: "myMountPath");

vaultClient.SetToken(token: vaultResp.ResponseAuth.ClientToken);
```

The secret identifier is often delivered as a wrapped token. In this case, you
should unwrap it first as demonstrated [here](#wrapping-and-unwrapping-responses).

### Reading a KV Secret
To call secrets endpoints, simply use the `VaultClient.Secrets` object, as shown below.

All secrets and auth calls have an optional mount path parameter that can be specified,
otherwise we will use a default mount path.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> resp = await vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPathAsync("path", secretMountPath: "myCustomMountPath");
Console.WriteLine(resp.Data);
```

All calls have both an async and synchronous implementation. E.g.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> respAsync = await vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPathAsync("path");
VaultResponse<Object> respSync = vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPath("path");
```

### Exception Handling
For api level exceptions we provide the `VaultApiException` that provides the Vault
specific errors, status code and original error content.

```csharp
try
{
    // Example call to Vault
    vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts();
}
catch (VaultApiException e)
{
    // Status Code
    Console.WriteLine("Status code: {0}", e.StatusCode);

    // Print the individual errors returned by Vault
    e.Errors.ToList().ForEach(x => Console.WriteLine(x));

    // Well formatted exception message
    Console.WriteLine(e.Message);
}
```

### Wrapping and Unwrapping Responses
All functions accept an optional `TimeSpan? wrapTTL` function parameter. Vault will wrap the response and return a response-wrapping token instead. 
More documentation on response wrapping can be found [here]([vault-response-wrapping]).

```csharp
// Get a wrapped response from Vault
VaultResponse<Object> wrappedResp = vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts(wrapTTL: TimeSpan.FromSeconds(100));

// Unwrap the given response object
VaultResponse<Object> unwrappedResp = vaultClient.Unwrap<Object>(wrappedResp.ResponseWrapInfo.Token);
```

We also provide an async version.

```csharp
Task<VaultResponse<Object>> unwrappedResp = await vauClient.UnwrapAsync<Object>(wrappedResp.ResponseWrapInfo.Token);
```

### Performing Generic Operations

We provide generic accessors for `Read`, `Write`, `List` and `Delete`, should you need to access an endpoint that is not available in the library (e.g. a plugin that is not builtin
to Vault). 

Each generic operation has a synchronous and asynchronous version.

```csharp
// Generic read from a path with query parameters
var readPath = "/some/path"
Dictionary<string, object> queryParams = new Dictionary<string, object>
{
    {"key", "value"}
};

VaultResponse<Object> resp = await vaultClient.ReadAsync<Object>(myPath, queryParams);

// Generic write to a path
var writePath  "/some/other/path";
Dictionary<string, object>  secretData = new Dictionary<string, object>
    {
        {"1", "1"},
        {"2", 2},
        {"3", false},
    };

await vaultClient.WriteAsync<Object>(writePath, secretData);
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

- [Auth](docs/Auth.md)
- [Identity](docs/Identity.md)
- [Secrets](docs/Secrets.md)
- [System](docs/System.md)

[access-token]:                 https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/User+Profile#UserProfile-IdentityTokenidentitytoken
[artifactory]:                  https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/ui/repos/tree/General/vault-devex-nuget-local
[doc-approle]:                  https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/approle
[doc-aws]:                      https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/aws
[doc-azure]:                    https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/azure
[doc-kubernetes]:               https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/kubernetes
[doc-response-wrapping]:        https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/response-wrapping 
[hashicorp]:                    https://www.hashicorp.com/
[http-client-handler-docs]:     https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclienthandler?view=net-6.0
[openapi-spec]:                 openapi.json
[openapi-generator]:	        https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators/csharp-netcore
[polly]:                        http://www.thepollyproject.org/
[vault]:                        https://www.vaultproject.io/

Commit message:

Beta instead of warning
Beta instead of warning

README.md, after:

# Vault - the .NET library for the HashiCorp Vault API

A .NET client library [generated][openapi-generator] from `OpenAPI` [specification file][openapi-spec] to interact with [Hashicorp][hashicorp] [Vault][vault].

### ***Note: This library is now available in beta. Please try it out and give us feedback! Please do not use in production***

## Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Frameworks supported](#frameworks-supported)
    - [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    - [Local Development](#local-development)
  - [Examples](#examples)
    - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Configuring a Vault Client](#configuring-a-vault-client)
    - [Setting Headers](#setting-headers)
    - [Authenticating with Vault](#authenticating-with-vault)
    - [Reading a KV Secret](#reading-a-kv-secret)
    - [Exception Handling](#exception-handling)
    - [Wrapping and Unwrapping Responses](#wrapping-and-unwrapping-responses)
    - [Performing Generic Operations](#performing-generic-operations)
  - [Documentation for API Endpoints](#documentation-for-api-endpoints)

## Installation

The Nuget packages are hosted in an internal Nuget feed that can be found in [Artifactory][artifactory].
You can use the Dotnet CLI or Nuget CLI to retrieve the package.

You first need to add the private Nuget feed as a source in either CLI. You can also generate an 
[access token][access-token] that can be used in lieu of a password. 

```shell-session
nuget sources add \
    -name HashicorpArtifactory \ 
    -source https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/ui/repos/tree/General/vault-devex-nuget-local \
    -username "myusername" \
    -password "mypassword"
```

```shell-session
dotnet nuget add source https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/artifactory/api/nuget/v3/vault-devex-nuget-local \
    --name HashicorpArtifactory \
    --username "myusername" \
    --password "mypassword"
```

You can then install the package via either of the following commands:

_**Note**_: Make sure to specify the package version. You can find the latest in the Release
tab in github

```shell-session
 nuget install Vault -source HashicorpArtifactory -Version "PackageVersion"
```

```shell-session
dotnet add package Vault --source HashicorpArtifactory -version "PackageVersion" 
```

### Frameworks supported
- .NET Core >=1.0
- .NET Framework >=4.6
- Mono/Xamarin >=vNext

### Dependencies

- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 12.0.3 or later
- [JsonSubTypes](https://www.nuget.org/packages/JsonSubTypes/) - 1.8.0 or later
- [System.ComponentModel.Annotations](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.ComponentModel.Annotations) - 5.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommend using [NuGet](https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
Install-Package JsonSubTypes
Install-Package System.ComponentModel.Annotations
```

### Local Development

Generate the DLL using your preferred tool (e.g. `dotnet build`)

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using Vault;
using Vault.Api;
using Vault.Client;
using Vault.Model;
```

## Examples

### Getting Started
Here is a simple copy-pastable example of using the library to get a list of
currently enabled secrets engines (equivalent to `GET /v1/sys/mounts`). This example 
works with a Vault server started in dev mode with a hardcoded root token (e.g.
`vault server -dev -dev-root-token-id="my-token"`);

```csharp
using Vault;
using Vault.Client;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public static void Main()
        {
            string address = "http://127.0.0.1:8200";
            VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration(address);

            VaultClient vaultClient = new VaultClient(config);
            vaultClient.SetToken("my-token");

            try 
            {
                VaultResponse<Object> resp = vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts();

                // Write out response data
                Console.Writeline(resp.Data);
            }
            catch (VaultApiException e)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("Failed to read mounts with message {0}", e.Message);
            }
        }
    }
}
```
_**Note**_: the responses are currently generic objects that need
to be marshalled into an appropriate model. Structured responses are 
coming soon!

### Configuring a Vault Client
The VaultClient requires you pass it a `VaultConfiguration` object. 

```csharp
VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration("http:127.0.0.1:8200");
VaultClient vaultClient = new VaultClient(config);
```

You can also add custom configuration including a custom `HttpClientHandler`.
This can be used to intercept requests and add custom logic before the base
`SendAsync` is called by the HttpClient. See [HttpClientHandler docs][http-client-handler-docs] for more details.

```csharp
// Create a custom HttpClientHandler
HttpClientHandler myClientHandler = new HttpClientHandler();

VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration("http://127.0.0.1:8200",
                                          myClientHandler);
```

The VaultClient also allows you to set a custom Timeout for all API calls.

```csharp
VaultConfiguration config = new VaultConfiguration(basePath: address, 
                                        httpClientHandler: httpClientHandler, 
                                        timeout: TimeSpan.FromSeconds(15));
```

### Setting Headers
The `SetToken` method can be used to set the `X-Vault-Token` header with the given token for subsequent requests.

```csharp
vaultClient.SetToken("my-token");
```

The `SetNamespace` can be used to set the default namespace header. 

```csharp
vaultClient.SetNamespace("n1");
vaultClient.ClearNamespace();
```

The Vault client also allows for adding custom headers that will be applied to every request.

```csharp
var myCustomHeaders = new Dictionary<string, string> 
{
    { "my-custom-header", "myHeaders"}    
};

vaultClient.AddCustomHeaders(myCustomHeaders);
vaultClient.ClearCustomHeaders();
```

### Authenticating with Vault
In the previous example we used an insecure (root token) authentication method.
For production applications, it is recommended to use [approle][doc-approle] or
one of the platform-specific authentication methods instead (e.g.
[kubernetes][doc-kubernetes], [AWS][doc-aws], [Azure][doc-azure], etc.). The
functions to access these authentication methods are automatically generated
under `vaultClient.Auth`. Below is an example of how to authenticate using `approle`
authentication method. Please refer to the [approle documentation][doc-approle]
for more details.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> vaultResp = vaultClient.Auth.PostAuthApproleLogin(
    new ApproleLoginRequest(roleId: "myRoleId", secretId: "mySecretId"),
    approleMountPath: "myMountPath");

vaultClient.SetToken(token: vaultResp.ResponseAuth.ClientToken);
```

The secret identifier is often delivered as a wrapped token. In this case, you
should unwrap it first as demonstrated [here](#wrapping-and-unwrapping-responses).

### Reading a KV Secret
To call secrets endpoints, simply use the `VaultClient.Secrets` object, as shown below.

All secrets and auth calls have an optional mount path parameter that can be specified,
otherwise we will use a default mount path.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> resp = await vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPathAsync("path", secretMountPath: "myCustomMountPath");
Console.WriteLine(resp.Data);
```

All calls have both an async and synchronous implementation. E.g.

```csharp
VaultResponse<Object> respAsync = await vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPathAsync("path");
VaultResponse<Object> respSync = vaultClient.Secrets.GetSecretPath("path");
```

### Exception Handling
For api level exceptions we provide the `VaultApiException` that provides the Vault
specific errors, status code and original error content.

```csharp
try
{
    // Example call to Vault
    vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts();
}
catch (VaultApiException e)
{
    // Status Code
    Console.WriteLine("Status code: {0}", e.StatusCode);

    // Print the individual errors returned by Vault
    e.Errors.ToList().ForEach(x => Console.WriteLine(x));

    // Well formatted exception message
    Console.WriteLine(e.Message);
}
```

### Wrapping and Unwrapping Responses
All functions accept an optional `TimeSpan? wrapTTL` function parameter. Vault will wrap the response and return a response-wrapping token instead. 
More documentation on response wrapping can be found [here]([vault-response-wrapping]).

```csharp
// Get a wrapped response from Vault
VaultResponse<Object> wrappedResp = vaultClient.System.GetSysMounts(wrapTTL: TimeSpan.FromSeconds(100));

// Unwrap the given response object
VaultResponse<Object> unwrappedResp = vaultClient.Unwrap<Object>(wrappedResp.ResponseWrapInfo.Token);
```

We also provide an async version.

```csharp
Task<VaultResponse<Object>> unwrappedResp = await vauClient.UnwrapAsync<Object>(wrappedResp.ResponseWrapInfo.Token);
```

### Performing Generic Operations

We provide generic accessors for `Read`, `Write`, `List` and `Delete`, should you need to access an endpoint that is not available in the library (e.g. a plugin that is not builtin
to Vault). 

Each generic operation has a synchronous and asynchronous version.

```csharp
// Generic read from a path with query parameters
var readPath = "/some/path"
Dictionary<string, object> queryParams = new Dictionary<string, object>
{
    {"key", "value"}
};

VaultResponse<Object> resp = await vaultClient.ReadAsync<Object>(myPath, queryParams);

// Generic write to a path
var writePath  "/some/other/path";
Dictionary<string, object>  secretData = new Dictionary<string, object>
    {
        {"1", "1"},
        {"2", 2},
        {"3", false},
    };

await vaultClient.WriteAsync<Object>(writePath, secretData);
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

- [Auth](docs/Auth.md)
- [Identity](docs/Identity.md)
- [Secrets](docs/Secrets.md)
- [System](docs/System.md)

[access-token]:                 https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/User+Profile#UserProfile-IdentityTokenidentitytoken
[artifactory]:                  https://artifactory.hashicorp.engineering/ui/repos/tree/General/vault-devex-nuget-local
[doc-approle]:                  https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/approle
[doc-aws]:                      https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/aws
[doc-azure]:                    https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/azure
[doc-kubernetes]:               https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/kubernetes
[doc-response-wrapping]:        https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/response-wrapping 
[hashicorp]:                    https://www.hashicorp.com/
[http-client-handler-docs]:     https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclienthandler?view=net-6.0
[openapi-spec]:                 openapi.json
[openapi-generator]:	        https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators/csharp-netcore
[polly]:                        http://www.thepollyproject.org/
[vault]:                        https://www.vaultproject.io/
