# Vault.Model.AwsConfigIdentityRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ec2Alias** | **string** | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity alias when using EC2 auth. Valid values are \&quot;role_id\&quot;, \&quot;instance_id\&quot;, and \&quot;image_id\&quot;. Defaults to \&quot;role_id\&quot;. | [optional] [default to "instance_id"]
**Ec2Metadata** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#39;default&#39;, includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: ami_id, instance_id, region. Not editing this field means the &#39;default&#39; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#39;default&#39; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#39;default&#39;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#39;field1,field2&#39;. | [optional] 
**IamAlias** | **string** | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity aliases when using IAM auth. Valid values are \&quot;role_id\&quot;, \&quot;unique_id\&quot;, and \&quot;full_arn\&quot;. Defaults to \&quot;role_id\&quot;. | [optional] [default to "unique_id"]
**IamMetadata** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to &#39;default&#39;, includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: canonical_arn, client_arn, client_user_id, inferred_aws_region, inferred_entity_id, inferred_entity_type. Not editing this field means the &#39;default&#39; fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the &#39;default&#39; and means no metadata will be included. If not using &#39;default&#39;, explicit fields must be sent like: &#39;field1,field2&#39;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

