# Vault.Model.PKIIssuersGenerateIntermediateRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AddBasicConstraints** | **bool** | Whether to add a Basic Constraints extension with CA: true. Only needed as a workaround in some compatibility scenarios with Active Directory Certificate Services. | [optional] **AltNames** | **string** | The requested Subject Alternative Names, if any, in a comma-delimited list. May contain both DNS names and email addresses. | [optional] **CommonName** | **string** | The requested common name; if you want more than one, specify the alternative names in the alt_names map. If not specified when signing, the common name will be taken from the CSR; other names must still be specified in alt_names or ip_sans. | [optional] **Country** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, Country will be set to this value. | [optional] **ExcludeCnFromSans** | **bool** | If true, the Common Name will not be included in DNS or Email Subject Alternate Names. Defaults to false (CN is included). | [optional] [default to false]
**Format** | **string** | Format for returned data. Can be \&quot;pem\&quot;, \&quot;der\&quot;, or \&quot;pem_bundle\&quot;. If \&quot;pem_bundle\&quot;, any private key and issuing cert will be appended to the certificate pem. If \&quot;der\&quot;, the value will be base64 encoded. Defaults to \&quot;pem\&quot;. | [optional] [default to FormatEnum.Pem]
**IpSans** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The requested IP SANs, if any, in a comma-delimited list | [optional] **KeyBits** | **int** | The number of bits to use. Allowed values are 0 (universal default); with rsa key_type: 2048 (default), 3072, or 4096; with ec key_type: 224, 256 (default), 384, or 521; ignored with ed25519. | [optional] [default to 0]
**KeyName** | **string** | Provide a name to the generated or existing key, the name must be unique across all keys and not be the reserved value &#x27;default&#x27; | [optional] **KeyRef** | **string** | Reference to a existing key; either \&quot;default\&quot; for the configured default key, an identifier or the name assigned to the key. | [optional] [default to "default"]
**KeyType** | **string** | The type of key to use; defaults to RSA. \&quot;rsa\&quot; \&quot;ec\&quot; and \&quot;ed25519\&quot; are the only valid values. | [optional] [default to KeyTypeEnum.Rsa]
**Locality** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, Locality will be set to this value. | [optional] **ManagedKeyId** | **string** | The name of the managed key to use when the exported type is kms. When kms type is the key type, this field or managed_key_name is required. Ignored for other types. | [optional] **ManagedKeyName** | **string** | The name of the managed key to use when the exported type is kms. When kms type is the key type, this field or managed_key_id is required. Ignored for other types. | [optional] **NotAfter** | **string** | Set the not after field of the certificate with specified date value. The value format should be given in UTC format YYYY-MM-ddTHH:MM:SSZ | [optional] **NotBeforeDuration** | **int** | The duration before now which the certificate needs to be backdated by. | [optional] [default to 30]
**Organization** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, O (Organization) will be set to this value. | [optional] **OtherSans** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Requested other SANs, in an array with the format &lt;oid&gt;;UTF8:&lt;utf8 string value&gt; for each entry. | [optional] **Ou** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, OU (OrganizationalUnit) will be set to this value. | [optional] **PostalCode** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, Postal Code will be set to this value. | [optional] **PrivateKeyFormat** | **string** | Format for the returned private key. Generally the default will be controlled by the \&quot;format\&quot; parameter as either base64-encoded DER or PEM-encoded DER. However, this can be set to \&quot;pkcs8\&quot; to have the returned private key contain base64-encoded pkcs8 or PEM-encoded pkcs8 instead. Defaults to \&quot;der\&quot;. | [optional] [default to PrivateKeyFormatEnum.Der]
**Province** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, Province will be set to this value. | [optional] **SerialNumber** | **string** | The Subject&#x27;s requested serial number, if any. See RFC 4519 Section 2.31 &#x27;serialNumber&#x27; for a description of this field. If you want more than one, specify alternative names in the alt_names map using OID 2.5.4.5. This has no impact on the final certificate&#x27;s Serial Number field. | [optional] **SignatureBits** | **int** | The number of bits to use in the signature algorithm; accepts 256 for SHA-2-256, 384 for SHA-2-384, and 512 for SHA-2-512. Defaults to 0 to automatically detect based on key length (SHA-2-256 for RSA keys, and matching the curve size for NIST P-Curves). | [optional] [default to 0]
**StreetAddress** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If set, Street Address will be set to this value. | [optional] **Ttl** | **int** | The requested Time To Live for the certificate; sets the expiration date. If not specified the role default, backend default, or system default TTL is used, in that order. Cannot be larger than the mount max TTL. Note: this only has an effect when generating a CA cert or signing a CA cert, not when generating a CSR for an intermediate CA. | [optional] **UriSans** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The requested URI SANs, if any, in a comma-delimited list. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

