# VaultClient.Model.TotpKeysRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountName** | **string** | The name of the account associated with the key. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**Algorithm** | **string** | The hashing algorithm used to generate the TOTP token. Options include SHA1, SHA256 and SHA512. | [optional] [default to "SHA1"]
**Digits** | **int** | The number of digits in the generated TOTP token. This value can either be 6 or 8. | [optional] [default to 6]
**Exported** | **bool** | Determines if a QR code and url are returned upon generating a key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to true]
**Generate** | **bool** | Determines if a key should be generated by Vault or if a key is being passed from another service. | [optional] [default to false]
**Issuer** | **string** | The name of the key&#39;s issuing organization. Required if generate is true. | [optional] 
**Key** | **string** | The shared master key used to generate a TOTP token. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 
**KeySize** | **int** | Determines the size in bytes of the generated key. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 20]
**Period** | **int** | The length of time used to generate a counter for the TOTP token calculation. | [optional] [default to 30]
**QrSize** | **int** | The pixel size of the generated square QR code. Only used if generate is true and exported is true. If this value is 0, a QR code will not be returned. | [optional] [default to 200]
**Skew** | **int** | The number of delay periods that are allowed when validating a TOTP token. This value can either be 0 or 1. Only used if generate is true. | [optional] [default to 1]
**Url** | **string** | A TOTP url string containing all of the parameters for key setup. Only used if generate is false. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

